Add Vanity generator to Wiki (#887)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-account-generation.md

continue to keep your key safe.

![Parity Signer Create Account 6](assets/accounts/ps-create-6.jpg)

## Vanity Generator

Vanity generator is a tool on [Polkadot-JS UI](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/accounts/vanity) that

> lets you generate addresses which contain some specific substring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lets you generate addresses which contain a specific substring.
```

![Vanity Generator page](assets/polkadot_vanity_generator_page.png)

> Components of vanity generator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vanity generator takes the following parameters:
```

> - `Search for`: Some substring that you would like to include in your new address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Search for": The substring that you would like to include in your new address.
```

> - `case sensitive`: Yes or no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "case sensitive": Yes if the substring will be case sensitive or no if not.
```

> - "case sensitive": Yes if the substring will be case sensitive or no if not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "case sensitive": "Yes" if the search is case sensitive; "no" if not.
```

> - `keypair crypto type`: Specifies the type of account you'd like to generate, Schnorrkel is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "keypair crypto type": Specifies the type of account you'd like to generate, Schnorrkel is
```

Reviewer: I think we should reserve backticks for specifically for CLI commands and code snippets. Here it is describing the title of inputs so quotations are more proper. NIT

> - "keypair crypto type": Specifies the type of account you'd like to generate, Schnorrkel is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "keypair crypto type": Specifies the type of account you'd like to generate; Schnorrkel is
```

>   recommended in most cases for its securtity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  recommended in most cases for its security.
```

If you've filled out all details above and hit the "Start generation" button, a long list of

> accounts will be generating on your screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accounts will start generating on your screen.
```

> If you've filled out all details above and hit the "Start generation" button, a long list of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you've filled out all details above and hit the "Start generation" button, a list of
```

> accounts will start generating on your screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
accounts will start generating on your screen.  Note that depending on the length of the substring and the processing speed of your computer, it may take some time before any accounts appear.
```

![Vanity Generator search](assets/polkadot_vanity_generate.png)

> If you choose an address and want to save it, the "Save" button will let you do so. The next process

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The "Save" button will allow you to save on the generated accounts - they are not saved if you do not choose to do this. The next steps
```

> is identical to the [steps above on creating an account on the UI](#polkadotjs), where a password

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are identical to the [steps above on creating an account on the UI](#polkadotjs), where a password
```
